Ladies and gentlemen
European youngster cup U25 one
official series for young riders up
25 years with the second station for
the qualification for the final 2013 in
the salzburg arena at the beginning of december in
Libya had a British victory here
on swiss ground on the ranch
by willi melliger a swiss victory
Although has a Swiss winner though
quite a charming namely a annina
nag annina european youngster cup
not for the first time that one
qualification stage could win
but I believe as confidently as today
I have to jump for what I think
not yet
He wants absolute madness at work
Today I am riding since this year he is
is also owned by paul bücheler and
the jumps to go there too great
participated today but great at the beginning on
the beginning has looked like this in the stinging
whether that also for the placement andechs
Nobody was really on the list
because you are very very calm
had worked in the beginning there were two
seconds faster
where is located großglockner his
giant gallop I did not want from
12 make a few and after that
rather little more liquid on the
last one probably had everything
rausgeholt but everything rausgeholt that
you have animal on his second
horse liatos so aggressive and convulsive
I rarely emphasize annina züger
seen to get out there
But in the end, there are three faiths
I also top so great raser has super
fought
he really had to fight it then
worked well but was great too
Now you have already solved your ticket
for the finale in salzburg and us
yes yes lena diary of the
she is always close to family trains
staggered have time after all
salzburg to come
yes I really hope that I will be there
can and I am already looking forward to it
thereon
Okay, I wish for 38 for the capri
all good
thanks european youngster cup per 25
makes it possible my dear
ladies next station in a few weeks
in lamprechtshausen austria